# Express OBC

[Express](http://expressjs.com/) is a server-side web application framework for
[NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) platform.

Express OBC is a collection of objects that provide easy-to-use higher-level
API for handling requests in Express-based apps. OBC stands for object-based
controllers. As the name suggests, these controllers are based on
object-oriented design rather than functional/callback-based approach which is
the default in Express.

Express OBC is still in early development, and as such it is not widely used.
It currently implements only two basic controllers: base controller (or just
'controller') and template controller, which augments the base controller by
providing methods for rendering views.

## Installation

Express OBC can be installed using [NPM](https://npmjs.org/):

    npm install express-obc

## Basic usage

Here is an example of a basic Express OBC controller.

    var controller = require('express-obc').controller;
    var myController = Object.create(controller);

    myController.route = '/hello/:name.:ext';
    myController.allowedMethods = ['get'];
    myController.get = function () {
      this.respond(null, {name: this.req.params.name});
    };

    myController.route(app);

Now if we hit the `/hello/foxbunny.json` URL, we will receive a JSON response
containing `{"name": "foxbunny"}`.

## Documentation

Documentation in markdown format can be found in the `doc` directory.

## Reporting bugs

Please report all bugs to [GitHub issue
tracker](https://github.com/foxbunny/express-obc/issues).

## License

Express OBC is published under the MIT license.

